# SignatureWork
For my signature work portfolio, I have three projects/classes that I have worked on during my time at the University of St. Thomas. The first was a personal website I created, which taught me the basics of HTML and CSS. The second was a Single-Page Application that I worked on with a team of 4 (including myself), which involved pulling data from separate APIs to create an interactive map displaying crime occurrences in St. Paul. The third are the MIPS labs I completed for CISC 340, Computer Architecture. These labs taught me about assembly language, and how it differs from higher-level programming languages such as Python and Java. These assignments/tasks helped me grow vastly in my skills as a computer scientist. Through the course of the last several years, I went from not knowing how to code at all to being able to contribute to large-scale projects. The education I have received at St. Thomas is giving me the opportunity to use the skills I have to advance the common good. Through these projects and my education, I have learned about persevering through adversity, staying motivated, working hard, and much more. One day, I will be able to use the skills I have gained through projects like these to help a company/employer further their company in a positive way. I am excited to share my skills with the world, helping people through them to make this world a better place. Below, I have linked the three GitHub projects that I discussed earlier. 

https://github.com/richsnitch/CISC340

https://github.com/richsnitch/PersonalWebsite

https://github.com/richsnitch/WebDevAssignment4
